---
name: ahdr
description: Add header plugin.
---

=pod

=head1 dps-ahdr

Denops Add Header

=head1 Features X<ahdr-features>

This plugin adds a header for some files.

=head1 Installation X<ahdr-installation>

If you use L<folke/lazy.nvim|https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim>.

=begin lua

{
  "yukimemi/dps-ahdr",
  lazy = false,
  dependencies = {
    "vim-denops/denops.vim",
  },
}

=end lua

If you use L<yukimemi/dvpm|https://github.com/yukimemi/dvpm>.

=begin typescript

dvpm.add({ url: "yukimemi/dps-ahdr" });

=end typescript

=head1 Requirements X<ahdr-requirements>

=item [Deno - A modern runtime for JavaScript and TypeScript](https://deno.land/)

=item [vim-denops/denops.vim: 🐜 An ecosystem of Vim/Neovim which allows developers to write cross-platform plugins in Deno](https://github.com/vim-denops/denops.vim)

=head1 Usage X<ahdr-usage>

No special settings are required.
Default config file is L<cofnig.toml|https://github.com/yukimemi/dps-ahdr/blob/main/denops/ahdr/config.toml>

=head1 Commands X<ahdr-commands>

C<:DenopsAhdr>                                           X<:ChangeColorscheme>
Add headers depending on file type.

=head1 Config X<ahdr-config>

No settings are required. However, the following settings can be made if necessary.

C<g:ahdr_debug>                                                X<g:ahdr_debug>
Enable debug messages.
default is v:false

C<g:ahdr_cfg_path>                                          X<g:ahdr_cfg_path>
Path to config toml file path.
default is `~/.ahdr.toml`

=head1 Example X<ahdr-example>

=begin vim

let g:ahdr_debug = v:false
let g:ahdr_cfg_path = expand("~/.config/ahdr/config.toml")

=end vim

=head1 License X<ahdr-license>

Licensed under MIT License.

Copyright (c) 2023 yukimemi

=cut
